End support for MacOS x64 pre-built binaries (#2277)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/blog/2025-02-18-end-of-support-macos-x64.md

---
title: Ending support for macOS x64 pre-built binaries
authors:
  - name: Mithril Team
tags:
  [
    release,
    distribution,
    macos,
    pre-built,
    binaries,
    apple silicon,
    x64,
    end of support,
    ci,
  ]
---

## Ending support for macOS x64 pre-built binaries

Since 2020, macOS has transitioned from **Intel** (x64 architecture) to **Apple Silicon** (arm64 architecture) processors.

> Additionally, Cardano node version `10+` now supports only Apple Silicon on macOSX.

Reviewer: Right… On one hand they write:

> Or, for MacOS, an Apple Silicon (M1, M2, M3 or M4) processor

And on the other:

> MacOS 10.13, 10.14, 10.15, 11

(only 11 supports Apple Silicon)

---

> title: End of support for MacOS x64 pre-built binaries
> authors:
>   - name: Mithril Team
> tags:
>   [
>     release,
>     distribution,
>     macos,
>     pre-built,
>     binaries,
>     apple silicon,
>     x64,
>     end of support,
>     ci,
>   ]
> ---
> 
> ### End of support for MacOS x64 pre-built binaries
> 
> Since 2020, MacOS has transitioned from **Intel** (x64 architecture) to **Apple Silicon** (arm64 architecture) processors.
> 
> Moreover, the **Cardano node** version `10+` currently only supports **Apple Silicon** for MacOSX.
> 
> Therefore, the Mithril team has decided to end the support for **MacOS x64 pre-built binaries** for the client CLI from **March 2025**.
> 
> This means that the **CI will no longer build these binaries** for the GitHub releases from this date.
> In case you are still using MacOS x64, you will need to build the binaries from source.
> 
> For any inquiries or assistance, don't hesitate to contact the team on the [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/5kaErDKDRq).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Ending support for macOS x64 pre-built binaries
authors:
  - name: Mithril Team
tags:
  [
    release,
    distribution,
    macos,
    pre-built,
    binaries,
    apple silicon,
    x64,
    end of support,
    ci,
  ]
---

## Ending support for macOS x64 pre-built binaries

Since 2020, macOS has transitioned from **Intel** (x64 architecture) to **Apple Silicon** (arm64 architecture) processors.

Additionally, Cardano node version `10+` now supports only Apple Silicon on macOSX.

As a result, the Mithril team will end support for **macOS x64 pre-built binaries** for the client CLI starting **March 2025**.

From this date, **CI will no longer build these binaries** for GitHub releases. If you are still using macOS x64, you will need to build the binaries from source.

For any inquiries or assistance, contact the team on the [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/5kaErDKDRq).
```

Author: Thanks for your review and suggestion!
